                        About program
1 Terms and functionality
Driver.exe program was created in order to demonstrate knowledge,
acquired trained in technology development
object-oriented applications using C + + language .
The program was based on the domain objects
"Driver ." Her work is to demonstrate the implementation of the principles
PLO and behavior management program can obektov.Dannaya
function effectively on any personal computer with
processor family Intel, or compatible recruitment
instructions protsessorom.V also includes mandatory requirements
operating system Windows 9x, XP, 7 , 200x, 32MB RAM (preferably
64 MB) and 10 MB free disk space ( program temporary files +
program in the amount of occupied 1.5 MB file system NTFS). for
work with the project requires a specialist in the field of logistics ,
or an ordinary user who wants to try himself as a
Transport system administrator using the created program.
2 Description of the logical structure
Only system, there are seven classes (Person, Driver, LicenseTag, B, B1, BE,
Auto), from which the four possible to form objects (Class
LicenseTag, B1, BE can not produce objects ) . The user has the
the ability to create , modify (including through the overloads
operators) instances of classes , to save the state of a file,
view it. Driver class inherits its field of class Person. class
Auto is a friendly class Driver. Class LicenseTag - abstract
class methods are inherited classes B1, BE, and their methods are inherited
in turn, class B.
3 used technical means
When you create a program was used Visual Studio development environment
2008 . Visual Studio provides a complete set of tools and services for
creating various applications such as for scaffolding Microsoft, and for
other platforms using the C + + language . The program was tested on
Windows 7. Keyboard manipulator "mouse" type , device type
" Standard monitor " with a resolution of 800x600 pixels.
4 Calling and loading
Running the program is accomplished by calling the executable
driver.exe ( among MS-DOS or Windows 9x/200x). After starting the program
appears on the screen saver , which contains general information
on the subject of the course work and the author. For a successful application
need all of the text files with records
interface. Is necessary and the configuration file config.txt, in
which stores the file path results.
5 Input and output data
All input values ??are validated . When an input error
user can retry input
which allows you to continue working . All entries are read interface
of files. The program has two languages ??: Russian and English.
Language change is possible anywhere in the program .
The user at any point on the screen can display the contents of a file ,
that will store the state of the system .

Press m go to menu
Press l to change language